or another
we
two minutes the year out together and
get back
everybody is stupid his fine i was a big
impact landing flat look like that Tessa
looked like he started really slept with
his rotation as he went off the top and
almost of like an abort mission just
single clip I did think he was gonna
make this he came in so slow watch the
first code is he always calls there and
to the bars of course all the safety
equipment
you can hang on my bed
the question is will he go again let's
see it's the answer
my ankles free week just put in half to
breathe you know that didn't count I
know it doesn't kill I know those
here is my for your family for your
girlfriend by your side I got it they've
been amazing this whole time you know
this is something else you know it's
crazy to even think about doing it and
you know for them to stick with stick
with me through its three and three
amazing we might go a couple years ago
you were to Travis Pastrana's house I
know he's been in big influence in your
life what kind of communication did you
have with them this weekend what did you
say Oh Travis is brewed me I said stick
with me he was up you know he's just
like biggest thing commit commit come in
and that's pretty much all you can do
with tremendous congratulations big feet
you did it tonight we might but you're
not over we're going to see you back for
snocross tomorrow now thank you I'll be
back tomorrow alright two more days hey
got a teep rode away he's okay break
news big accomplishments and I can
absolutely from the famo he started
flipping slowly but he had the rotations
he was in the game the problem was he
just went farther than he expected he
expected be 45 feet near tell me that
one of the 50 plus test calling you an
evil e 50 plus and easily 20 feet longer
than he expected go watch this again
super slow rotation
he's going so far and he almost had it
now maybe because he was going a little
faster